README.md, before:

# Qibo comb optimisation

For the complete documentation on qibo-comb-optimisation, please refer to [qibo-comb-optimisation](https://qibo.science/qibo-comb-optimisation/stable/).

## Installation instructions

Install first the package dependencies with the following commands.

We recommend to start with a fresh virtual environment to avoid dependencies
conflicts with previously installed packages.

```bash
   $ python -m venv ./env
   source activate ./env/bin/activate
```

The qibo-comb-optimisation package can be installed through pip:

```bash
   pip install qibo_comb_optimisation
```


## Quickstart

Once installed, the qibo-comb-optimisation allows the general user to solve QUBO problems with the built-in QUBO class.
Along with the QUBO class, there are some combinatorial classes found in :class:`qibo_comb_optimisation.combinatorial_classes`.

Formuating a QUBO problem:

- Maximal Independent Set:
```python
	import networkx as nx
	from qibo_comb_optimisation.combinatorial_classes.combinatorial_classes import Mis

	g = nx.Graph()
	g.add_edges_from([(0, 1), (1, 2), (2, 0)])
	mis = Mis(g)
	penalty = 10
	qp = mis.penalty_method(penalty)
```
- Shortest Vector Problem:
```python
	Qdict = {(0, 0): 1.0, (0, 1): 0.5, (1, 1): -1.0}
	qp = QUBO(0, Qdict)

	# Brute force search by evaluating all possible binary vectors.
	opt_vector, min_value = qp.brute_force()
```

Use [QAOA](https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.03489) to solve the QUBO problems (`qp`):
```python
	from qibo_comb_optimisation.optimisation_class.optimisation_class import QUBO
	# Train 2 layers of regular QAOA
	gammas = [0.1, 0.2]
	betas = [0.3, 0.4]
	output = qp.train_QAOA(gammas=gammas, betas=betas)
```

Use [XQAOA](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.04479) to solve the QUBO problems (`qp`):
```python
	from qibo_comb_optimisation.optimisation_class.optimisation_class import QUBO
	# Train 2 layers of XQAOA
	gammas = [0.1, 0.2]
	betas = [0.3, 0.4]
	alphas = [0.5, 0.6]
	output = qp.train_QAOA(gammas=gammas, betas=betas, alphas=alphas)
```

Use [QAOA](https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.03489) to solve the QUBO problems (`qp`) using Conditional Variance at Risk (CVaR) loss function:
```python
	from qibo_comb_optimisation.optimisation_class.optimisation_class import QUBO
	# Train 2 layers of regular QAOA with CVaR
	gammas = [0.1, 0.2]
	betas = [0.3, 0.4]
	output = qp.train_QAOA(gammas=gammas, betas=betas, regular_loss=False, cvar_delta=0.1)
```

Commit message:

Update README.md qibo_comb_optimisation -> qiboopt

README.md, after:

# Qibo comb optimisation

For the complete documentation on qiboopt, please refer to [qiboopt](https://qibo.science/qiboopt/latest/).

## Installation instructions

Install first the package dependencies with the following commands.

We recommend to start with a fresh virtual environment to avoid dependencies
conflicts with previously installed packages.

```bash
   $ python -m venv ./env
   source activate ./env/bin/activate
```

The qiboopt package can be installed through pip:

```bash
   pip install qiboopt
```


## Quickstart

Once installed, the qiboopt allows the general user to solve QUBO problems with the built-in QUBO class.
Along with the QUBO class, there are some combinatorial classes found in :class:`qiboopt.combinatorial_classes`.

Formuating a QUBO problem:

- Maximal Independent Set:
```python
	import networkx as nx
	from qiboopt.combinatorial_classes.combinatorial_classes import Mis

	g = nx.Graph()
	g.add_edges_from([(0, 1), (1, 2), (2, 0)])
	mis = Mis(g)
	penalty = 10
	qp = mis.penalty_method(penalty)
```
- Shortest Vector Problem:
```python
	Qdict = {(0, 0): 1.0, (0, 1): 0.5, (1, 1): -1.0}
	qp = QUBO(0, Qdict)

	# Brute force search by evaluating all possible binary vectors.
	opt_vector, min_value = qp.brute_force()
```

Use [QAOA](https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.03489) to solve the QUBO problems (`qp`):
```python
	from qiboopt.opt_class.optimisation_class import QUBO
	# Train 2 layers of regular QAOA
	gammas = [0.1, 0.2]
	betas = [0.3, 0.4]
	output = qp.train_QAOA(gammas=gammas, betas=betas)
```

Use [XQAOA](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.04479) to solve the QUBO problems (`qp`):
```python
	from qiboopt.opt_class.optimisation_class import QUBO
	# Train 2 layers of XQAOA
	gammas = [0.1, 0.2]
	betas = [0.3, 0.4]
	alphas = [0.5, 0.6]
	output = qp.train_QAOA(gammas=gammas, betas=betas, alphas=alphas)
```

Use [QAOA](https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.03489) to solve the QUBO problems (`qp`) using Conditional Variance at Risk (CVaR) loss function:
```python
	from qiboopt.opt_class.optimisation_class import QUBO
	# Train 2 layers of regular QAOA with CVaR
	gammas = [0.1, 0.2]
	betas = [0.3, 0.4]
	output = qp.train_QAOA(gammas=gammas, betas=betas, regular_loss=False, cvar_delta=0.1)
```
