doc/source/index.rst, before:

.. title::
      Qibo-comb-optimisation

What is qibo-comb-optimisation?
===============================

qibo-comb-optimisation is a Qibo plugin that has tools to solve combinatorial optimisation problems.


Contents
========

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :caption: Introduction

    getting-started/index

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :caption: Main Documentation

    api-reference/index

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Documentation links

    Qibo docs <https://qibo.science/qibo/stable/>
    Qibolab docs <https://qibo.science/qibolab/stable/>
    Qibocal docs <https://qibo.science/qibocal/stable/>
    Qibosoq docs <https://qibo.science/qibosoq/stable/>
    Qibochem docs <https://qibo.science/qibochem/stable/>
    Qibotn docs <https://qibo.science/qibotn/stable/>
    Qibo-cloud-backends docs <https://qibo.science/qibo-cloud-backends/stable/>
    Qibo-comb-optimisation docs <https://qibo.science/qibo-comb-optimisation/stable/>

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Update naming from `qibo_comb_optimisation` to `qiboopt` (#49)
* Renamed folder

* Renamed qibo-comb-optimisation to qiboopt

* Update naming

* Update naming

* Rename optimisation -> opt

* Rename optimisation -> opt (docs)

* Refactor opt_class

* Refactor combinatorial classes

* Minor edit to workflow

---------

Co-authored-by: Wong Zi Cheng <70616433+chmwzc@users.noreply.github.com>

doc/source/index.rst, after:

.. title::
      qiboopt

What is qiboopt?
================

qiboopt is a Qibo plugin that has tools to solve combinatorial optimisation problems.


Contents
========

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :caption: Introduction

    getting-started/index

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2
    :caption: Main Documentation

    api-reference/index

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Documentation links

    Qibo docs <https://qibo.science/qibo/stable/>
    Qibolab docs <https://qibo.science/qibolab/stable/>
    Qibocal docs <https://qibo.science/qibocal/stable/>
    Qibosoq docs <https://qibo.science/qibosoq/stable/>
    Qibochem docs <https://qibo.science/qibochem/stable/>
    Qibotn docs <https://qibo.science/qibotn/stable/>
    Qiboml docs <https://qibo.science/qiboml/stable/>
    Qibo-cloud-backends docs <https://qibo.science/qibo-cloud-backends/stable/>
    Qiboopt docs <https://qibo.science/qiboopt/stable/>

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`search`
